[docs] Add docs files (#32)
ostis-ai/sc-component-manager: docs/dev/codestyle.md

# C++ Style Guide

In general, [Google's coding standard](https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html) is used, and we strongly encourage to read it.

Below are our specific (but not all!) exceptions to the Google's coding standard:

> - All code should conform to C++11 standard

Reviewer: I thought we moved to C++17, didn't we?

- We use `.cpp` and `.hpp` files, not `.cc` and `.h` (`.c` and `.h` are used for C code), in UTF-8 encoding.

> - File names are lowercase with underscores, like `sc_memory.cpp`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- File names are lowercase with underscores, like `sc_component_manager.cpp`.
```

- We use `#pragma once` instead of the `#define` Guard in header files.
- Includes are sorted and grouped by directory, there should be newlines between different directories.
- Order of directories in includes: "current_dir/current_file.hpp", other includes from the same dir, includes from other dirs sorted by name.

```cpp
#include "../test.hpp"

#include "hash/hmac.h"
#include "hash/sha256.h"

#include "sc-memory/cpp/sc_wait.hpp"
#include "sc-memory/cpp/kpm/sc_agent.hpp"

#include <curl/curl.h>

#include <rapidjson/document.h>
#include <rapidjson/stringbuffer.h>

> #include <rapidjson/writer.h>

Reviewer: Update example.

  {
    // IMPORTANT! We DON'T use one-liners for if statements for easier debugging.
    // The following syntax is invalid: if (i < b) Bar(i);
    if (i < b)
      Bar(i);
    else
    {
      Bar(i);
      Bar(b);
      // Commented out the call.
      // Bar(c);
    }
  }
}
}  // namespace lower_case

// Switch formatting.
int Foo(int a)
{
  switch (a)
  {
  case 1:
    Bar(1);
    break;
  case 2:
  {
    Bar(2);
    break;
  }
  case 3:
  default:
    Bar(3);
    break;
  }
  return 0;
}

// Loops formatting.

if (condition)
  foo();
else
  bar();

if (condition)
{
  if (condition)
    foo();
  else
    bar();
}

for (size_t i = 0; i < size; ++i)
  foo(i);

while (true)
{
  if (condition)
    break;
}

// Space after the keyword.
if (condition)
{
}

for (size_t i = 0; i < 5; ++i)
{
}

while (condition)
{
}

switch (i)
{
}

// Space between operators, and don't use space between unary operator and expression.
x = 0;
x = -5;
++x;
x--;
x *= 5;
if (x && !y)
{
}
v = w * x + y / z;
v = w * (x + z);

// Space after double dash. And full sentences in comments.
```

## Tips and Hints

- If you see outdated code which can be improved - DO IT NOW (but in the separate pull request).

> - Your code should work at least on [mac|win|linux][x86|x86_64] [android|ios] platforms.

Reviewer: Also do we support 32-bit arch?
```suggestion
- Your code should work at least on [mac|linux][x86|x86_64] platforms.
```

> - Your code should compile well with gcc 4.8+ and clang 3.5+

Reviewer: Questionable. Need to discuss.

> - Try to avoid using any new 3party library if it is not fully tested and supported on supported platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Try to avoid using any new 3rd party library if it is not fully tested and supported on supported platforms.
```

- Cover your code with unit tests.
- If you don't have enough time to make it right, leave a `// TODO(DeveloperName): need to fix it` comment.

### Some useful macros:

- macroses to check compilation platform

```cpp
#if SC_IS_PLATFORM_WIN32
  // windows platform
#endif

#if SC_IS_PLATFORM_LINUX
 // linux platform
#endif
#if SC_IS_PLATFORM_MAC
 // OSX (mac) platform
#endif

#if SC_IS_PLATFORM_IOS
 // iOS platform
#endif

#if SC_IS_PLATFORM_ANDROID
 // android platform
#endif
```
- Check code in runtime for Debug builds:

```cpp
SC_ASSERT(expr, ("message"));
SC_ASSERT(expr, ()); // no message
```

> - Check if code compiles in Debug mode:

Reviewer: Probably not needed.
